Add Ezviz last motion picture image entity (#27917)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/ezviz.markdown

A light entity will be added to cameras + light combos. You can turn it on/off and set the brightness.

### Image Entity

> The image entity represents the last detected event from a camera and provides a visual representation of the event within Home Assistant.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The image entity represents the last detected event from a camera and visually represents the event within Home Assistant.
```
